Update nf-msi-msisetinternalui.md (#803)
MicrosoftDocs/sdk-api: sdk-api-src/content/msi/nf-msi-msisetinternalui.md

</td>
<td width="60%">
If this value is combined with the <b>INSTALLUILEVEL_NONE</b> value, the installer displays only the dialog boxes used for source resolution. No other dialog boxes are shown. This value has no effect if the UI level is not <b>INSTALLUILEVEL_NONE</b>. It is used with an external user interface designed to handle all of the UI except for source resolution. In this case, the installer handles source resolution.
 
</td>
</tr>
<td width="40%"><a id="INSTALLUILEVEL_UACONLY"></a><a id="installuilevel_uaconly"></a><dl>
<dt><b>INSTALLUILEVEL_UACONLY</b></dt>
</dl>
</td>
<td width="60%">

> When specified will provide a completely silent installation, but will still prompt for elevation if required.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If combined with the <b>INSTALLUILEVEL_NONE</b> value, the installation will be completely silent except for the prompt for elevation if it is required.
```

I don't think the flag has any use beyond the affect it has with NONE.

Comment in header for the value is:
```
INSTALLUILEVEL_UACONLY = 0x200, // show UAC prompt even if quiet
```
